alright guys I'm back on the man 15 and
guess what surprise surprise we pull
them more packs I'm gonna get some
gameplay out soon but I got to do one
more 60 pack bundle
I pulled the extra Clay Matthews you
guys liked it when I gave away my extra
gift so I think what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna pull this bundle if the the
duplicate gifts we get guess what we're
gonna give him away so everybody wins
baby up 60 pack bundle 450 thousand
coins let's do it all so quickly there
are a lot of gifts we still need to get
this is my year I here was a goodie it
might be a very rare flashback player so
I want to get that one this one right
here late somebody might be Deacon Jones
so you got to get this one I want mine
getting another throwback gift and then
this gift right here once again I don't
get it so a lot of gifts to be had let's
get in these pack and as always it
pulling the big boy bundles guess what
we're gonna breeze through it so let's
hop into a man I cleared out my binder
my reserve so we should be able to pull
a lot of these without stopping so let's
get into it trying to rack up the tundra
stew you seem to be just dropped today
so it could get one of those elites that
would be clutch there's an RG three two
packs deke no Tundras Oh got my first
gift and this I believe is the contract
gift pretty much every gift with the
contracts when people are saying our
contracts except for one that they say
might be the new jack Lambert that is
supposed to be coming out this promo
first Tundra of the bundle I'll take it
a few pegs leave hope that I can get hot
again put like three tons in a pack like
we did my last 60 pack bundle that was
crazy you got two right there let's do
it man love plan these packs so quickly
and efficiently where's the gift
I need the gifts there's another tangent
Oh what is this oh that's a stocking
pretty sure that when it's coins though
right this is coins I think it has the
EA logo guaranteed Cowen's that's what
that's what people are telling me at
least no one no one really knows what's
in the gift so it's really just guesses
there's another Tundra but that's what
they want us to do they want us to guess
break down the gifts investigate and try
to try to form some conclusions and I
think that's what a lot of people are
doing what's this another gift no
another Tundra thing on my 10 packs deep
so far we pull wet one gift for two
gifts one was coins ones contracts
still keeping hope alive - slowly but
surely filling up I think those sweat
1,200 so I got I got a few more packs
left in me maybe 10 or 15 that I gotta
clear it out we'll see how that goes
damn the link to the site though yeah I
want a dry spell it's like five packs
straight no no Christmas gifts there's
one rising star in a Tundra I'll take it
or the gifts I thought probably these
packs for gifts man
I honestly said hey let's pull these
gifts out of bundles instead of trying
to buy them separately because
separately people are trying to your arm
your legs thinking assembly the most
amazing insane gift ever and it's no
guarantee that's gonna be it so I'm not
trying to buy these gifts for crazy
amounts here's a Seahawks gift that is a
duplicate for me what is it I don't know
I think they tell me it's gonna be a
Jevon Kearse or something like that I
don't know that a frozen children that
went to said I was a good pack finally
some christmas luck
I'm trying to get in the Christmas
spirit but I needed in my packs Oh what
is this a new gift and all right where's
the hint okay
it's a Seahawks on that ribbon so
there's this Seahawks gift and the other
Seahawks gift that I got I think I may
be another Seahawks gifts a lot of
Seahawks gifts in this promo and I'll
say that much you should get a gift
though in the tundra right behind it
Oh what is this team of the week and
another Tundra tune two week Charles
clay he just came out yesterday
when you're seeing this and my binder is
now full all right here we go back to
the pecs damn I was I killed that first
half of the bundle we only have a twenty
five packs left I was feeling that bunk
back to the buns where we go hopefully
the second half for the latter half of
the buns which is a lot better than the
first step oh that's what I'm talking
about three Tundras in one pack there we
go hey the legend pull out this bundle
that'd be pretty sick just give me a
nice runny lot just slip it in my bundle
real quick baby go oh there's another
Tantra okay
I shan't release I think three gift
packs Oh Jamie Collins baby let's go
team in a week that came out what today
what you did it yesterday or tomorrow
with Chet
I got Jamie Collins team of the week I
can take that if we can keep the Khalil
Mack yo let's go baby don't quick sell
up I don't want to do that you don't
want to do that Jamie Collins let's go
89th speed I like it what's it's
catching
what is the catch 74 right Khalil Mack
he will be mine you will be getting
Khalil Mack okay gotta get
Oh baby that's what I like to see
there's a frozen tundra right behind it
to outright the latter half is picking
up give me one more elite Oh what is
this oh all right there's a ton dressed
just the gif of the bells on it somebody
told me this is a badge and say there's
a badge hint on this there's a beast
somewhere on this gift I don't see it
though I don't see it beyond this gift
with some of the hints they're so hard
to see oh that I'll cast see it now it's
bees inside the snowflakes that's a
bummer on for the next pack bull another
frozen tundra mm Tundras yelps latter
half of this bundle is poppin next pack
up give me one more elite player one
more leap player one more gift is all I
want that's all I want I'm gonna be
Grady one more player one more gift and
we'll call it even there's that tundra
no elite players though next pack up all
right football alpha status Hankins
I'll take that another big body I could
use probably less than 10 packs
remaining can we watch it cool what is
this oh it's another tons of damage
certificate gifts that man I'm putting
specs for gifts no it's just another
batch I think there's a beam right in
the middle of that ribbon
that's a duplicates I'm gonna be racked
up on badge it's something I will say
when it's promotes over I'm gonna have
all the badges hey boys here we go final
five packs let's see what the latest in
the final five fantastic five let's see
we can get man one more gift one Merlin
that's all I'm asking
first pack was a dead know elites no
Tundras oh oh can I get one more tundra
please just one more tundra alright we
got one more of those and where's the
kid bang one more gift one final give I
don't think we're gonna do it there's a
football outside of final pack no we
didn't do it
not gonna lie man that wasn't the
craziest 60 pack bums and I thought it'd
be a little bit better but we did get a
ton of Tundras look at this nonsense
look at this what gift is this I think
this is a badge right
yes badge packed right here badge badge
badge badge contracts contracts coins
coins badge badge bats badge and I think
this is pro packs oh this one check this
give up somebody told me this might be
the Jack Lambert bad some crazy theory
like you won four Super Bowls his third
season contract negotiations so that's
why the third pack or the third give has
contracts on it crazy theory but it just
might be it is a this is Christmas Eve
gift we also pull this I think which is
another coin gift and then another
Seahawks get we do have some help though
I think we have for gift packs the pool
so we watch it still think I have enough
for this said I hope I do and I rightly
do
let's give back number four I have
enough for a fifth you see let me find
out we got five gift packs and we done
all right all right big money big money
big money big money
I need that Ram stocking and I need that
flash back gift let's get into it
give back number one what is it
Oh what is this coins I don't want that
it's a Christmas gift so it might be
nice I don't think they give us as
Christmas gives that be so means next
pack another badge gift another dud next
patch another coin get another gift and
the final gift pack flashback okay that
looks promising for coins that's
difficult to new it for us but yeah no
no flashback no Deacon Jones I kind of
look at another bundle but I'm not gonna
do it I'm not gonna do I'm not gonna do
it so yeah there you have it hope you
guys enjoyed this video
another 60 pack bundle if you want one
more a sixty pack bundle like and share
this video now make it happen I'll see
you guys in the next one though peace